Mentions supported GPG key formats for private registry (#827)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/registry/publish-providers.mdx

-> **Note**: If you are uploading an official HashiCorp public provider into your private registry, skip this step and instead use [HashiCorp's public PGP key](https://www.hashicorp.com/.well-known/pgp-key.txt) in the the [create a version](#create-a-version) step. The key ID for HashiCorp's public ID is `34365D9472D7468F`, and you can verify the ID by [importing the public key locally](/terraform/tutorials/cli/verify-archive#download-and-import-hashicorp-s-public-key).

> Create a file named `key.json` with the following contents. Replace `ORG_NAME` with the name of your organization and supply your public key(RSA/DSA format) in the `ascii-armor` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file named `key.json` with the following contents. Replace `ORG_NAME` with the name of your organization, and input your public key in an RSA or DSA format in the `ascii-armor` field.
```
